Security added DPA to trust portal! (#1973)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-assistant/privacy.md

* Semgrep Assistant logs and stores AI prompts and responses for the sake of performance evaluation, which includes source code snippets.
* Semgrep Assistant sends relevant lines of code to our AI subprocessors. Currently, "relevant lines of code" means lines that are part of the Semgrep finding, plus the minimum number of lines of code required to provide enough context to produce accurate results. Semgrep, Inc. is likely to expand this, potentially to the entire file, as we learn how to pass more useful context.
* Semgrep stores and retains AI responses based on these code snippets for up to 6 months. Semgrep, Inc. will update you with at least a 30-day notice if we make any changes to the retention policy.<!-- markdown-link-check-disable -->

> * Semgrep, Inc. uses two subprocessors as model vendors for AI results: OpenAI and Amazon Bedrock. Semgrep has Data Protection Agreements with each subprocessor. If you are a current Semgrep customer, you can request the Data Protection Agreements through Semgrep's [trust portal](https://trust.semgrep.dev). Otherwise, please reach out to your account contact to request a copy of these DPAs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Semgrep, Inc. uses two subprocessors as model vendors for AI results: OpenAI and Amazon Bedrock. Semgrep has Data Protection Agreements with each subprocessor. If you are a current Semgrep customer, you can request the Data Protection Agreements through Semgrep's [trust portal](https://trust.semgrep.dev) or your Semgrep account contact.<!-- markdown-link-check-enable -->
```

Author: Hmm, that's not what I'm trying to say here. I'm meaning to indicate that current customers can get it from the portal but folks who are (for example) prospects may or may not be able to. How can I be more clear without getting too detailed?

Reviewer: Oh, gotcha; I was missing the context. I think we can go ahead and ignore my suggestion and leave your original wording as-is
